(Fixed) 1-	"Collectin Mob Essence" quest in "Industrial Revolution" quest line completes if Resourceful Furnace is made without requiring a Mob Crusher to be made.
2-	Clay dupe bug also works with compressed blocks of clay.
(Fixed) 3-	No point in doing the "Plant Interactor" quest in the "Industrial Revolution" questline since the plant gatherer works with agricraft crops anyway.
(Fixed) 4-	"Chemical Reactions" quest in "Reborn Technology" questline missing "Compression" quest as a requirement.
5-	All "Portable Storage" quests in "Thermal Enhancements" questline complete at the same time, probably due to all the items haveing the same ID.
6-	EnderIO machines accepting power faster from Mekanism universal cable than from EnderIO conduits.
(Fixed) 7-	Can't left click, shift left click, or shift right click anything out of or into the wireless crafting terminal, including pressing the "X" to clear the crafting grid. Also happens with creative wireless crafting terminal. (Fixed by updating Wireless Crafting Terminals to latest beta RV6 version (version after current))
(Fixed) 8-	"Nuclear Fusion" quest in "Reborn Technology" questline missing "You See Me Rollin'" quest as a requirement.
(Fixed) 9-	When the aluminum dust you get from electrolyzing crushed emeralds is smelted, you get the JAOPCA version of aluminium.
(Fixed) 10-	"Power From Plasma" quest in "Reborn Technology" questline missing "Tugnstensteel" quest as a requirement.
11-	Pumping into and out of a molecular assembler as if trying to use it as a 1 recipe autocrafter crashes the game.(no crash after restarting client)
12-	When an algorithm assimilator from Calculator fills up, it ejects some of its contents into the world, and voids the rest, and then all other algorithm assimilators stop producing an output. The issue is fixed by restarting the client, although if another algorithm assimilator fills up again the problem reappears.
13-	Health module from Calculator will not fill up past 4 health points.



14- The bugged health module acts as an infinite source of health points in a health processor after bug 13 occurs. It doesn't refill infinite health though.
15- Watch of flowing time is enabled but doesn't appear in JEI and doesn't have a recipe when checked from the creative tabs, although when cheated in it works just fine. This applies to both staged mode and kitchensink mode. (Tested by me and another person playing in kitchensink).
